Release notes for 2.2.0 and 2.1.3 (#11)
apache/jclouds-site: releasenotes/2.2.0.md

---
layout: releasenotes
title: Release Notes for Version 2.2.0
date: 2019-10-17 20:00:00
release_notes: true
permalink: /releasenotes/2.2.0/
---

1. [Introduction](#intro)
1. [Release Highlights](#highlights)
1. [Known Issues](#knownissues)
1. [Credits](#credits)
1. [Test Results](#test)

## <a id="intro"></a>Introduction

> Apache jclouds 2.2.0 is a major release after a long period of time. In this release we have focused on modernizing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache jclouds 2.2.0 is a first major release after a long period of time. In this release we have focused on modernizing the
```

> codebase and some dependencies to upgrade to Java 8 and prepare to further upgrade to newer Java versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
codebase and some dependencies to upgrade to Java 8 and prepare to upgrade to newer Java versions in future.
```

Reviewer: Or "soon"?
